Welcome to this software defined networking and open flow introductory course.
My name is David Bumble and I'll be a presenter for this training in this course.
We are firstly going to answer the question what is software defined networking or SDM.
There are different definitions and it's often confusing to understand what SD and actually is.
You speak to three engineers and you get three different answers.
So I'm going to try and clarify this and explain different definitions of SD.
The next question we're going to answer is is this SD n stuff actually real.
Are people actually implementing Software Defined Networking.
Are they using open flow is open flow any city in the same thing.
So we'll tackle those questions and then I'm going to explain briefly what open SDM is and what open
flow is.
And in my opinion no course is good enough if we don't have a demonstration of this actually being used
practically.
So I'm gonna demonstrate open flow switches integrated with a controller.
In this case the HP Van SD and controller running an application downloaded and installed from the HP
AppStore this course is an introduction to multiple courses that cover software defined networking and
open flow as we explain.
SD and in more detail you'll see that open flow in SD and our separate concepts and some implementations
of SD and do not use open flow at all.
Hopefully by the end of the short course you'll have a good understanding of what ISDN is and what open
flow is and then you'll be able to decide for yourself which other courses you'd be interested in taking.
I hope you'll take other courses that I've created that you'll enjoy the content and most importantly
that you'll learn something new by taking these courses all the very best and let's get started.